maybe I'm sucking your soul and you
don't realize it and once you escape me
you'll feel like you have your soul back
in case any of you in the audience have
trouble with subtlety and nuance let's
just open this video with a disclaimer
I'm a really harsh critic of an Sen but
I'm also a critic of the other critics I
think there's a whole lot of criticism
directed toward the guy these days
that's ridiculous off-the-wall and in
many cases just reflects the fact that
the people who have jumped on the
bandwagon to harshly condemn the guy now
they weren't really following a story in
the last 5 years so they're not really
all that sure of what it is they're
condemning and why so I'm gonna try to
contribute my own slightly more nuanced
than analytical paid for it I worked so
hard on all of my videos and I deserve
hundreds it's rare to hear from an adult
man who will admit to you that he
prefers the company of stupid women it's
rare to speak to an adult man who will
admit to you why it is that he feels
more comfortable when romancing went
intimately involved with women whom he
feels confident are stupider than he is
himself but it's not uncommon it's
common but it's everywhere concealed as
something shameful it's a pretty common
and pretty damning pattern of human
behavior those of you who have been
following this Ian for a few years may
have a sore spot in your memory for the
video he made when he recorded himself
doing an intelligence test taking an IQ
test with two of the women he was
romancing we now know two of the women
who was trying to have a long-term
triangular sexual relationship with or
perhaps a long-term rectangular sexual
relationship with he took an
intelligence test with both Billy who
was already dramatically younger than
him and the even younger Sara all of
them sitting around they recorded it as
a YouTube video and you can see an se an
absolutely gloating about his supposed
intellectual superiority over these very
young and I must say very silly very
shallow very fat girls whom he'd brought
into his life you know there are
probably some 18 year olds and 19 year
olds out there who are brilliant
hard-working intellectuals but those are
not the 18 year olds a Nisshin was
pursuing those are not the 18 year olds
that Kai was pursuing so Kai is also
known as Lanie bot sometimes referred to
as his husband sometimes as his wife but
the two of them as a couple they were
not pursuing the brightest and the most
brilliant they were not pursuing young
women who could challenge them
intellectually now I had a friend once a
guy named Charles we're not friends
anymore
but I had a friend once who was an adult
man who admitted to me openly that he
preferred much younger women much
stupider women much more naive and
jejune women because he felt that he was
very immature himself he felt that he
was very poorly educated himself and he
really struggled to keep his head above
water shall we say when he was in the
company of older and better educated
women so that guy Charles I knew him
during a period of time when he was
single and he had gone back to
university he didn't finish his
university degree but he was briefly in
college classes and then dropped out and
when he was at university he was meeting
you know women his old women his own age
and women older than himself who were
much more sophisticated much better
educated
self-confident intelligent and he
struggled with terrible feelings of
inadequacy you know real intellectual
inadequacy and I would even go so far as
say moral inadequacy he felt like he was
a bad person there was one situation
where there's a woman he met and he
didn't even talk to her he met her at a
grocery store and then he was filming
himself for YouTube in the parking lot
sitting there and recrimination
reflecting on his own sense inferiority
there's this woman at this grocery store
and he'd love to go and talk to her he'd
love to flirt with her hit on her try to
have relation with her but he just knows
he knows just from looking at her that
she's better educated than him
she has a better career than he does
she's more mature or she's more well
educated now admittedly this particular
guy Charles his diagnosis of the
situation is not entirely wrong because
he was an extremely immature person but
the problem is he's the next step he's
taking it's not just incorrect or wrong
it's actually really immoral he's trying
to preserve his own immaturity he's
trying to preserve his own ignorance
he's trying to shield himself from being
challenged and stimulated to be a better
person
by only keeping the company of much
younger women who are even more immature
even more poorly educated than himself
and you know there's more than one way
to respond to this situation right you
could recognize that for your age you're
not well-read you're not well-traveled
you're not cosmopolitan sophisticated
whatever it is whatever the list is of
intellectual and moral attributes you
feel that you're lacking if you can
recognize that you're lacking them and
if you can recognize that you're
attracted to and you admire and you
respect people who really do have those
attributes obviously you could challenge
yourself to develop in that way you
could challenge yourself to in effect
become a better person become the kind
of person you would
Meyer and that you're attracted towards
this habit that both anisia and Kai got
into this cycle of seducing scandalously
young women trying to pull them into
their orbit get them to move into their
house have them employed as part-time
babysitters
this pattern that has played out again
and again I think that people have been
kind of criticizing it in an overly
shallow and simplistic way because
they've failed to look at the extent to
which it's really a defensive pattern of
behavior
so think about Kai Kai formerly known as
Laney formerly known as female formerly
known as the wife Vanessa
why do you think kai is doing this
people talk about this as if it's just
because she's fascinated with sixteen
year olds right as if as if like it's
more intellectually or emotionally
rewarding for her to have long
conversations via Skype with someone
who's tremendously immature
inexperienced and hasn't even graduated
from high school yet right no it's a
defensive pattern of behavior kai Laney
baud she feels stupid she feels weak she
feels amoral and bad and poorly educated
she feels like she's someone who has no
real accomplishments in her life so she
wants to surround herself with the
company of people who are even weaker
even stupider even more shallow that she
is herself and this same thing the same
pattern plays out with an S Ian it's
just more tragic and more comical I mean
an issue and uh someone who makes him
feel bad about spending so many hours on
dying and coloring his hair so he
printed
to his life teenagers who themselves
spent a huge amount of time when their
hair and makeup and they all sit around
doing hair and makeup together an isiand
doesn't want to feel like a bad person
because he spends so many hours as a
fully grown man playing video games he
repeatedly said that his his main happy
memory about their relationship with
Billy Billy's the girl with blue dyed
hair hair was sitting on the couch and
playing video games with her that he
felt he had a really meaningful
connection to this woman because they
they played a video game called Earth
Defense Force together and he really
hadn't related anyone else the way so
you have to take that on board with all
due gravity you have to you know be
willing to witness the evidence that an
isiand is someone so shallow that he
describes the most meaningful
relationships in his life in terms of
the video games he played with those
people right like it's not as if there's
some greater depth to this guy that he's
holding back it's not like there's
there's a whole other person there
that's worth knowing that isn't being
isn't being shared with these young
women with whom he shared his heart his
soul his money his home with whom he
raised his children and yeah of course
with whom also he shared his bed so this
is a sick sad pattern of behavior but
it's ultimately a defensive pattern of
behavior I don't think it's the case
that anisia Nakai rapaciously want to go
in and seduce the youngest women they
possibly can I think they're both
tremendously weak characters I think on
some level they're aware of their own
stupidity they're aware of their own
lack of education their own lack of
sophistication and they always want to
shield themselves against that gnawing
sense of self-doubt
they want to insulate themselves against
the castigating judgment of the outside
world that they probably feel every time
they happen to have casual conversation
with someone is the same age that they
are you know whether it's conversation
with someone who's 24 years old or 33
years old or whatever you know whenever
they happen to have a casual
conversation with someone who's actually
sophisticated actually well-educated
actually ethical actually going out and
making the world a better place and
there was a politics and social justice
whatever someone who actually has
accomplishments actually has ambitions
so again and again what it is they're
looking for on Twitter on tumblr or you
know on YouTube
on their chat forums the women they're
going out and recruiting it's not that
they're the youngest of the young it's
that they're the dumbest of the dumb
because people like anisia and KY can
only feel strong when they surround
themselves with people who are weak they
can only feel smart when they're
seducing someone so stupid
that they can lord their own sense of
intellectual superiority
[Music]